Tok 709/migration v3 (#234)
RootstockCollective/collective-rewards-sc: src/upgrades/README.md

# Upgrade v3

> Our goal is to deploy the latest **TOK smart contracts** to the mainnet. We refer to **V2** as the current live smart contracts and **V3** as the new version being deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to deploy the latest **Collective Rewards smart contracts** to the mainnet. We refer to **V2** as the current live smart contracts and **V3** as the new version being deployed.
```

The changes are scattered across 5 upgradeable smart contracts, and all of them need to be upgraded:
- BackersManagerRootstockCollective
- BuilderRegistryRootstockCollective
- GovernanceManagerRootstockCollective
- GaugeRootstockCollective
- RewardDistributorRootstockCollective

These contract upgrades are performed atomically within a single transaction. 
However, some setup steps need to performed prior to execute the upgrade.

## **Steps to Execute the Upgrade**

### **1. Deploy the Upgrade Contracts**  
- Run `upgrades/UpgradeV3.s.sol` to:  
  - Deploy v3 contracts modified in v3
    - The addresses of the deployments will later be used to upgrade the proxys'
  - Deploy **UpgradeV3** contract
    - This requires construction data to be passed to properly setup the UpgradeV3 execution

### **2. Set `UpgradeV3` as the Upgrader**  
- In the [**Live Governance Manager**](https://rootstock.blockscout.com/address/0x7749f092834E4446466C1A14CcC8edD526A5C1fB?tab=read_write_proxy)
  - Assign the deployed **UpgradeV3** contract address as the **`upgrader`**.  
  - This grants the contract the necessary permissions to perform the upgrade.

### **3. Execute the Upgrade**  

> - Upgrader wallet executes transaction `UpgradeV3.run()`. 

Reviewer: I don't think we're enforcing this anywhere. Do we plan to enforce it?

Author: it will pe permissionless, fixed
